Update README.md (#918)
reactplay/react-play: README.md

### ⬇️ Install Dependencies

Next, install the dependencies by running the following command in the `react-play` repo. we recommand using `yarn` but you can install using `npm` too

```bash
yarn install
```

Or
```
npm install
```

> if you donot have `yarn` installed on your pc follow to below steps to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you don't have `yarn` installed on your PC, follow the steps below to install it.
```

Author: added

**Windows**

> 1. open your command promt as administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. open your command prompt as administrator.
```

2. write `corepack enable` and hit enter.
3. then `npm install --global yarn`

**Linux**
1. open terminal and hit `npm install --global yarn`

**MacOS**
1. open terminal and hit `npm install --global yarn`
or
`brew install yarn`

**Or Download Package**

> if you are unable to install yarn following the above mention process then you can simply download the package and install it. Visit the official link of yarpkg there you can on the website just expand the `Alternative` section and it will ask for the version to download for windows/linux/mac.

Reviewer: If you are unable to install yarn following the above-mentioned process, then you can simply download the package and install it. Visit the official website of Yarn; there you can just expand the "Alternative" section and it will ask for the version to download for Windows, Linux, or Mac.

Author: added

Next, install the dependencies by running the following command in the `react-play` repo:

```bash

> yarn install

Reviewer 2: Let's keep `npm install` too.

We can have `yarn install` first with the instruction as you added. Then we can add, alternatively you can use `npm install` but we prefer `yarn`.

```

> if you donot have `yarn` installed on your pc follow to below steps to install it.

Reviewer 2: This section is good.

**Windows**
1. open your command promt as administrator.
2. write `corepack enable` and hit enter.
3. then `npm install --global yarn`

**Linux**
1. open terminal and hit `npm install --global yarn`

**MacOS**
1. open terminal and hit `npm install --global yarn`
or
`brew install yarn`

**Or Download Package**

if you are unable to install yarn following the above mention process then you can simply download the package and install it. Visit the official link of yarpkg there you can on the website just expand the `Alternative` section and it will ask for the version to download for windows/linux/mac.
`https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#windows-stable`

> > **Note**: `ReactPlay` runs on React 18. However, some of our dependencies are yet to upgrade to version 18. So please use the following command when you face difficulties installing the dependencies. Also, ensure to use Node.js version >= 16.x

Reviewer 2: Let's keep all the npm sections as is.

#### Format the code

```bash
yarn run format

#OR

npm run format
```

#### Lint the code

```bash
# to check the linting issue

yarn run lint
#OR
npm run lint

# to fix the linting issue
yarn run lint:fix
#OR
npm run lint:fix
```

### 🧱 Build the App for Production

Use the following command to build the app for production:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: I would keep them separate as it was before. It is easy for some one to copy only the line they want with a single click. Please do this change for all the places where you combined. Otherwise the flow is good.

Author: done
